---
title: 'Weekly notes - 29 and 30/2025'
date: 2025-07-27T19:27:14+02:00
updateDate: ''
slugOverride: '2025wkn2930'
tags: [weekly notes]
description: 'Weekly notes for 29. and 30. week of 2025'
layout: 'post.njk'
rssOnly: false
social: "Laziness kept me from writing notes last week, so here we are again with a two-week recap. I just hope I didn't miss anything important."
---
Another "two-week recap" because I didn't feel like writing anything for a long time. 😅 I'll summarize it all together.

After all, last week was more about resting after Masters of Rock, and I didn't do much else.

The main event of the week took place on Wednesday – I started English lessons [with Baru](https://www.mluvimnabaru.cz). I need to improve my speaking skills, which I find challenging, so I took advantage of a recommendation and signed up for her lessons. So far, I'm satisfied. We've already had two lessons, and I never thought I'd be able to speak English for 50 minutes straight. It wilw work. We've put together a long-term and short-term plan, and I'm curious to see how I'll manage to stick to it. So far, I'm happy with Baru and can only recommend her.

On Wednesday after work, I discovered at home that the SSD in my home server, which I had built on RPi, died. Unfortunately, I had no way of testing it – I didn't have an external enclosure for M.2 drives. So, I had no choice but to buy one and continue testing the drive the next day.

It turned out as I expected, the disk didn't work in other PCs either, so I sent it back that same day. By the way, they managed to process my warranty claim and I've had a new one at home since Friday. The whole warranty claim process took 7 days. Wow!

Last weekend, Týna was visiting her family, and I spent it very unproductively—watching YouTube videos about [HEMA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_European_martial_arts). After Fantastická Ostrava, photos and videos from the tournament there started popping up, followed by more, and eventually I was tempted to give it a try. So on Tuesday evening, I went to a training session of the fencing group [Brněnští fechteři](https://fechteri.cz) to check it out.

It was great, and I see it as a new sport that I will start doing. I don't know yet whether it will be during the summer or in September, but we'll see. 🙂 The only minor problem I see is that training sessions are on Tuesdays and Thursdays, so just like my gym sessions… 😅

And while I'm on the subject of the gym – I completed my workouts on Tuesday and Thursday, plus I did an extra one on Sunday.

Over the weekend, we went to visit Dad in Budějovice and took a trip to Krumlov. We had tickets to see The Hound of the Baskervilles at the [Revolving Theater](https://www.otacivehlediste.cz/en). It was a very entertaining play, I highly recommend it. In fact, the entire South Bohemian Theater is great and we love going there. 🙂

Otherwise, on the way to Budějovice, my brother and I managed to discuss the latest news about automation, go over individual tasks and what needs to be done, so I have an updated work plan again. Now I just have to do it… 😅