---
title: 'Weekly notes - 27/2025'
date: 2025-07-07T10:46:14+02:00
updateDate: ''
slugOverride: 'wkn27 '
tags: [weekly notes]
description: 'Weekly notes for 27. week of 2025'
layout: 'post.njk'
rssOnly: false
social: ""
---
Somehow, the year is flying by… I have no idea where July came from…

Not much happened. I just had another psych appointment on Thursday. We analyzed the tests, I got a bunch of information about what it means (which I don't remember anymore, of course, and I'm waiting for the final report to be sent to me)…

The main highlight of the week was Saturday when my dad came to visit us. It was his birthday on Sunday, so we took him on a road trip. First we went to a pub for the best ribs in Brno, then went for coffee and cake, and we finished with a cruise on the Brno dam – nice all the way to the end to Veverská Bítýška and back. A pleasant 2.5 hours on the water.

On Sunday, I was just getting ready and packing because on Monday I'm leaving for Vizovice for a week for Masters of Rock! :)

## Working on.

My brother and I discussed the automation I was doing and came up with a few changes that I immediately incorporated. We've got the basics done, it's working the way we need it to, so now we can move on to the second part. I guess that's up to my brother because I won't be here for a week, and it's going to cost too much money. So we'll see what he comes up with.

## Reading

On Friday, I got the [Basic Fantasy RPG](https://www.basicfantasy.org) rulebook, so I started it. During the week I suggested to my group mates that I'd like to try running a game, and I'm tempted by this system, so if they'd be up for it over the summer break. And they said yes, so I'll have to give it a good read. :)

## Fitness and lifestyle

Two training sessions in the new gym were held without any major problems.

We're getting used to the new space and the new equipment – we each have our own “cage” and we don't have to wait for space to open up where we need it (bench press benches and such). We just have to rearrange it between exercises, so it takes a little time. But we'll get used to it.

Otherwise, it's great, I like it there and it's a very nice change. I can only recommend it to Brno people. More info on the [Cvičebna](https://cvicebna.cz) website.