---
title: 'Weekly notes - 13/2025'
date: 2025-03-30T21:46:44+0200
updateDate: ''
slugOverride: '2025wkn13'
tags: [weekly notes]
description: 'Weekly notes for 13. week of 2025'
layout: 'post.njk'
rssOnly: false
social: "The new Weekly Notes are out! \n\nI haven't posted a link to them here for a while, but that will change now. How? You can find out in the article. 🙂"
---

Another week is behind us. Sick leave continues and surgery is coming up, so I've been going to the doctors a lot this week.

It started on Monday with a pre-op appointment with the doctor. It went great, everything's fine. The only little thing that screwed it up a little was that when they did my labs last Thursday, the nurse accidentally didn't send all the request papers, so some results weren't included. 😅 Except that I needed them now on Thursday for the anaesthesiology consultation, so I repeated the samples on Tuesday.

Thursday's anaesthesiology went well too. We agreed on what to do, I signed the consent form… Now I just have to look forward to the surgery. And the main positive – I don't have to shave my beard! Yay! 🥳

## Working on

In my spare time, I continue to learn automation – my brother came up with a few more ideas of what he'd like to automate, so I'm trying it out.

And I've also made an automation for posting from blog posts to Mastodon. No AI, I write all the text for it myself, but then I don't have to think about sending it – the robot grabs it from the RSS feed and sends it to Mastodon.

And in my even more spare moments, I've started taking the [CS50](https://pll.harvard.edu/course/cs50-introduction-computer-science) course. 

## Reading

- Jesse Schell: The Art of Game Design: A Book of Lenses (3rd Edition)
- Godot Engine 4.4.1 documentation (I had to actually read it once)

## Watching

We finished watching The Bad Batch and Týna wanted to watch Star Wars: Rebels. So now we're watching it.

## Fitness and lifestyle

Like I said, I've mostly been visiting doctors this week. It's quite exhausting, so I didn't really feel like doing any major activities. So, just one walk this week:

- 7.51 km, 01:39:55, 4.5 km/h

And in the gym I managed to get up to 80 kg on the barbell squat! The bench press still at 60 kg and I can't go any higher. And worse – now I'm going to have a few weeks without exercising, so I'm curious what that will do with me.