---
title: 'Weekly notes - 21/2025'
date: 2025-05-26T20:26:08+02:00
updateDate: ''
slugOverride: '2025wkn21'
tags: [weekly notes]
description: 'Weekly notes for 21. week of 2025'
layout: 'post.njk'
rssOnly: false
social: "The mostly work week is over, and I managed to write a recap of it before Tuesday! That deserves a celebration or something! 🥳"
---
The "return to work" has been in accelerated mode this week. I went on a week-long on-call, waiting if anything at work would go wrong.

It turned out well, there were not many calls outside business hours, and they were not very difficult. So in the end, peace. I'm glad. 🙂

Týna went with her mother and sister for their relaxing weekend, and I stayed at home with our cat.

## Working on
I'm continuing to study CS50. This week I managed to pass the Python exercises, watched another lesson and started doing the SQL exercises.

Other than that, I'm still playing with Arduino and doing projects that are in my core set. I'm enjoying it, but I guess I'm going about it a bit unsystematically. I'm thinking of starting to start writing my electronics notes here...

## Watching
We're still watching Star Wars in general. After Andor, we started watching movies - we got through IV and V this week.

## Fitness and lifestyle
Training sessions on Tuesday and Thursday completed! 🙂 It was better, except I got stuck on the bench press at 50 kg. 😒 It's really noticeable that I had a long pause. But hopefully, it will get better soon.

Otherwise, I'm waiting for new training plans, I'm curious what my coach will come up with.

## What caught my eye
I missed Windows XP... I really started to miss that system, although it was not perfect, I find it more usable than the current Win11 (not that I use it now, I'm primarily on a Mac). 