---
title: 'Weekly notes - 26/2025'
date: 2025-06-30T19:54:30+02:00
updateDate: ''
slugOverride: '2025wkn26 '
tags: [weekly notes]
description: 'Weekly notes for 26. week of 2025'
layout: 'post.njk'
rssOnly: false
social: "Yesterday, on the train, instead of just looking at my phone, I was looking at my phone and writing Weekly Notes, so it's coming out earlier than it's been used to lately! Yay!"
---
There's been a lot of things going on again this week.

Wednesday was our last session at DCC. We're starting a new campaign after the summer break, and with vacations over the summer, it doesn't make much sense to start anything now.

I'm a little tempted to suggest to the guys that I try to lead some one shots. I don't have any experience with running games yet, but I'd like to get into it. So we'll see how it goes. 🙂

Friday was my day off - it was Tina's birthday this weekend and we've had a tradition for a few years now that I take Friday off and we do something together.

We started at the center of the city in beautiful [Čarokavárna](https://www.facebook.com/people/%C4%8Carokav%C3%A1rna/61564998054833/), where Týna booked a table for us. Besides us, there was an army of parents with small children, so our morning started with coffee with vodka (😅), but otherwise it was great. We had some delicious cakes, Tina took countless photos…

The second part of the plan was the wellness at the Atlantis hotel, where Týna got a voucher for Christmas.

After the spa, we went for delicious sushi at [Doebi Kokota](https://doebikokota.cz/cities/brno). The only thing that messed it up a bit was the fact that the branch in Židenice is just a take-out window, and we thought it was a normal restaurant. So we made an online order, walked home, and then Tina did another walk there.

We ended the evening with a summer cinema in Villa Löw-Beer and "that movie with that cat"[^1] (as Týna wrote in our calendar). It was great, and I recommend everyone to go see it. But watch out - it's really sad in places!

We spent the weekend in Ostrava at the con [Fantastická Ostrava](https://www.fantastickaostrava.cz/). Lots of lectures, booths, friends…

For me, the lecture given by Hungarian game designer Gábor “Melan” Lux on *Freedom and choice in RPG and adventure design* was definitely amazing. While Melan's focus is on old school DnD-like games, the information was applicable to modern games as well, and I hope this approach spreads as much as possible.

The second of the talks, which I really liked a lot, was *J.R.R. Tolkien - the story of the writer who breathed life into Middle-earth* by "Nerdopopolis" and the creators of the podcasts "Tam a zase zpátky" and "Toulky s Tolkienem". It was a beautifully retold story of Tolkien's life, complete with short scenes that humorously portrayed selected situations.

The end of Sunday's program was also great in the form of a live playing of the Call of Cthulhu gambook by the guys from [Brnění](https://www.youtube.com/@herni.brneni) and Sukuba Ensemble. Of course, as is usual with live gaming, the audience decided what happened. And so we died once (and unleashed Cthulhu into the world) and went crazy once. All in less than 45 minutes. 😅 Awesome!

From FO we also bring a bunch of crap, stickers, books, games... The wallet is crying!

Saturday night we visited some friends who were doing their multi-birthday party, plus a mini-celebration of the new apartment they moved into after the fall floods and finally got it in order. It's right above the old one, so not much has changed. 😁

## Working on
All I've managed to do this week is work a bit on automation for my brother. I've got the basics and now I'm just going to do (a lot of) tweaking.

## Reading
I started reading Basic DnD by Tom Moldvay. As part of my thoughts on running some one-shots over the summer, I'm looking for some how-to information, and this edition of DnD has a ton of information for beginning players, so there's probably no better introductory material. And the bonus is that my favorite Old-Shool Essential has virtually the same rules, so I'm not reading something unnecessarily extra. 🙂

## Fitness and lifestyle
I managed both training sessions perfectly well. It looks like I'm getting used to the new routine, and now it's just a matter of tuning my technique and increasing the weights. Yay!

Otherwise, these were the last workouts in the old facilities, we'll be in the new ones starting next week, and I'm really looking forward to it! 🤩

[^1]: Yeah, it was [Flow](https://flow.movie)