---
title: 'Weekly notes - 14/2025'
date: 2025-04-06T21:35:35+02:00
updateDate: ''
slugOverride: '2025wkn14'
tags: [weekly notes]
description: 'Weekly notes for 14. week of 2025'
layout: 'post.njk'
rssOnly: false
social: "Sunday evening brings new Weekly Notes\n\nThis time a bit shorter — not much happened this week."
---
Not much has happened this week.

I had to go to the hospital for surgery on Thursday. It went as expected - checking in with the doctors, reporting to the inpatient ward, getting a room… And then just waiting. 😅

Before the actual surgery, they woke me up at 5:30 to take a shower, at 7:00 they get me to the OR, and by 9:20 I was texting that I was done.

The worst part of it all for me are two things:
- when you're post-op and can't move much, you lie in the bed. And after two days of lying in a hospital bed, I was really hurting all over.
- even though we have quite a bit of insight nowadays about how the composition of meals should look like to be balanced and beneficial (leaving aside the details of the various nutritional styles), hospital food is still pretty much bad.  Like, 6 slices of bread and 100g of processed cheese, or a baguette and 100g of red lentil spread for dinner, or 2 rolls and 100g of yogurt for breakfast, doesn't seem entirely balanced to me. 😒 So maybe it will get better in the future.

But otherwise good - there were no complications after the surgery, and they let me go home at Saturday morning. I've been resting and growing together. 😁

## Working on
I tried to set up a few things in CRM Odoo as a practice because my brother needs some simple solution.  Well, I'm quite disappointed, it's not working entirely to the way we want it to. We'll probably try to figure it out on our own eventually. 

As part of my rest after the surgery, I went through week 2 of CS50 and completed the tasks. All hail intellectually active rest!

## Reading
- Jesse Schell: The Art of Game Design: A Book of Lenses (3rd Edition)
- Tracy Fullerton: Game Design Workshop (I needed something lighter to read in the hospital)
- Terry Pratchett: Equal Rites (read in hospital)

## Watching
- Star Wars: Rebels

## Fitness and lifestyle
Movement has been pretty futile this week. Of course - when you're in the hospital, you can't do much. I'm excited about the pain subsiding a bit, and I'll be able to go for walks. Like - it's not a huge pain, but it comes on mostly when I move, so I'll probably wait a few more days before I can go to longer walks.

Otherwise, at least I enjoyed my last workout at the gym - I won't be able to go there for about 6 weeks now (we'll see how I heal and what the doctor says).
